So next let's create a function
that's gonna let us get the new item.
So anything in our database that has it,
it's in the the new
column the to do items.
So we can check how that's gonna work.
It's gonna return a promise.
And that promise is going
to have a new item in it.
And that's gonna be an array.
And that, just to show what we're
actually trying to do here,
if we close this one and open up this one,
we are looking at this column.
We want to run a query that will
only give us back these fields.
We don't care about stuff that's in
progress because that means it's been
assigned to somebody or
is otherwise in motion and
we don't care about stuff that's complete.
We only care about
things that need action.
So things in the to do column are the
things that need someone to actually
triage them, look through them, make sure
that they're valid, so on and so forth.
So then we can go into our code again and
let's actually write out that filter.
So for this one,
we are going to use notion data
that is going to be an await notion Api.
And we're going to send databases and
then our database
ID NOTION_DATABASE_ID and query.
So we're running a query
against the database.
And this looks a little more
like the Slack API has those
chat.postMessage, which
makes it look very fancy.
But that is just the URL.
Whereas with these notion ones, they look
a little more familiar URL endpoints.
Then we're gonna pass in our filter.
And so this is, one of a few things
you can also pass in sort and
a few other pieces, but what we care
about is specifically the filter, because
that's gonna allow us to limit down what
we're getting to just the stuff we need.
So we're gonna go with property status.
And that is aligned to
these properties here.
So when you're looking, you can see
the status spice level submitter.
And the reason that these are written
like they are, not with spaces and
stuff is because Notion doesn't have
a differentiation between what displays on
the screen and how you run these filters.
So if you want something like spice level
in your code then you would also set
spice level here otherwise you're
gonna have like quoted string keys
with spaces in them and stuff it's your
call on how you wanna manage that.
It doesn't really matter one way or
the other.
It's just a preference thing.
So inside here, we're gonna get
the filter property status.
I added one too many.
We've got the property status.
We want the status equals new so
we're getting only things
that are in the new column.
And that finishes our filter and
then we want the page size to be 100 and
this is unhappy because expected
two arguments but got three.
Because I double quoted this, there we go.
That's better.
So now we've got an object, it's got
our filter, and then that says that
we only want items with the new status,
and we'll get up to 100 items.
You can specify this for
however many you want.
Like if you have a lot of incoming issues,
maybe you only wanna show the most recent
10, and have a link to view the rest or
something like that.
Then what we're gonna do is we are going
to grab out our open items and
format them, By getting the results and
we're gonna map over those.
That'll be an item and that item is
a notion item, which we have a type 4.
And we're gonna return the opinion, and
that's going to be
item.properties.opinion.title.
Then you get to destructure
that because it's an array.
Then you get your text, and
then you get the content.
The Notion Api is similar
to Slack's block kit.
It's very verbose and
it's done that for a good reason.
It allows you to pass a lot of
information about the content and
it's formatting and
a bunch of other details.
But it does mean that these
accessors here get a little intense.
And what you would probably wanna do is
in a more mission-critical application.
Maybe look into some kind of runtime
validation of the input that's coming in
like Zod to make sure that you don't,
as you're drilling into these items,
if something is misplaced, if somebody
updates the notion database without
telling you there are a lot of
things that could get weird here.
But in our case, we have control over it.
We know how it's working and so
we can kinda just dive in and be happy.
So I'm gonna get the spice level as well.
That spice level is
item.properties.spiceLevel.select.name,
and
then our status Is item.properties.Status
.status.name.
And then we can return our open items.
Okay, so that is one helper piece
ready to go we're happy about that.